Kp/remove solution (#2)
AdaGold/dijkstra: README.md

# Dijkstra's Algorithm

 Dijkstra's algorithm for finding the shortest path from a start node to all other nodes in a graph.

## Description

Given an adjacency matrix representation of the graph and the node to start the algorithm from, find the shortest path from a start node to all other nodes in the graph. 

> ### Example 1

Reviewer: Consider replacing with smaller matrix from test cases

> ```
> Input: 
>     adjacency_matrix =[ 
>       [ 0, 4, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 8, 0 ], 
>       [ 4, 0, 8, 0, 0, 0, 0, 11, 0 ], 
>       [ 0, 8, 0, 7, 0, 4, 0, 0, 2 ], 
>       [ 0, 0, 7, 0, 9, 14, 0, 0, 0 ], 
>       [ 0, 0, 0, 9, 0, 10, 0, 0, 0 ], 
>       [ 0, 0, 4, 14, 10, 0, 2, 0, 0 ], 
>       [ 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 2, 0, 1, 6 ], 
>       [ 8, 11, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 7 ], 
>       [ 0, 0, 2, 0, 0, 0, 6, 7, 0 ] 
>     ]
>     start_node = 0
> 
> Output:
>     {
>         "start_node": 0, 
>         "parent_list": [None, 0, 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 0, 2], 
>         "shortest_distances": [0, 4, 12, 19, 21, 11, 9, 8, 14]
>     }
> ```
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Input:
    adjacency_matrix =[ 
      [0, 4, 0, 0],
      [4, 0, 12, 0],
      [0, 12, 0, 0],
      [0,  0, 0, 0]
    ]
Output:
    {
        "start_node": 3, 
        "parent_list": [None, None, None, None], 
        "shortest_distances": [float('inf'), float('inf'), float('inf'), 0]
    }

```

## Note

> More tests beyond what is provided are needed to verify correctness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unit tests provided don't cover all test cases needed to verify correctness.
```
